Update chioma_opara.md (#38)
vbilsmith/vbilsmith.github.io: _members/chioma_opara.md

---

> Chioma is an international student from Nigeria double majoring in Computer Science and Quantitative Economics. Her current goal is to explore the possible applications of Machine Learning and to gain experience in academic research. She's deeply committed to promoting access to educational resources in underrepresented communties and has volunteered as a tutor severally. She enjoys journaling, reading novels, public speaking and spontaneous walks. 

Reviewer: Hi Chioma! I think this sentence might be missing a word at the end:
`She's deeply committed to promoting access to educational resources in underrepresented communties and has volunteered as a tutor severally`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Chioma is an international student from Nigeria double majoring in Computer Science and Quantitative Economics. Her current goal is to explore the possible applications of Machine Learning and to gain experience in academic research. She's deeply committed to promoting access to educational resources in underrepresented communities. She enjoys journaling, reading novels, public speaking and spontaneous walks. 
```
